Add Mixpost to Analytics (#3862)
awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted: README.md

- [GoatCounter](https://www.goatcounter.com) - Easy web statistics without tracking of personal data. ([Source Code](https://github.com/zgoat/goatcounter)) `EUPL-1.2` `Go`
- [Matomo](https://matomo.org/) - Google Analytics alternative that protects your data and your customers' privacy. ([Source Code](https://github.com/matomo-org/matomo)) `GPL-3.0` `PHP`
- [Metabase](https://metabase.com/) - Easy, open-source way for everyone in your company to ask questions and learn from data. ([Source Code](https://github.com/metabase/metabase)) `AGPL-3.0` `Java`

> - [Mixpost](https://mixpost.app/) - Self-hosted social media management software. An excellent alternative to Hootsuite, Buffer, and other social media tools ([Source Code](https://github.com/inovector/MixpostApp)) `MIT` `PHP/Docker`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Mixpost](https://mixpost.app/) - Self-hosted social media management software. Easily create, schedule, publish, and manage social media content in one place. Alternative to Hootsuite, Buffer, and other social media tools. ([Source Code](https://github.com/inovector/MixpostApp)) `MIT` `PHP/Docker`
```

> - [Mixpost](https://mixpost.app/) - Self-hosted social media management software. An excellent alternative to Hootsuite, Buffer, and other social media tools ([Source Code](https://github.com/inovector/MixpostApp)) `MIT` `PHP/JavaScript`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Mixpost](https://mixpost.app/) - Self-hosted social media management software. An excellent alternative to Hootsuite, Buffer, and other social media tools ([Source Code](https://github.com/inovector/MixpostApp)) `MIT` `PHP/Docker`
```

> https://github.com/inovector/MixpostApp#requirements
> https://github.com/inovector/MixpostApp#docker-installation
